Marissa Joy
a. I decided to study Data Science for Public Policy because I want to work towards creating change with the technical skills I have and privileges I've had throughout life. Specifically, I want to learn statistical and modeling techniques through a social science lens.
b. This week, I learned you can use git commands within Jupyter Notebook 
c. Bingrui Li: Our reasons for coming are very similar! I have some of the data science tools but I wanted to leverage them for creating better policies or outcomes for people in marginalized communities. 

Zhenyun Guo
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because having studied political science in college I was curious about how theories could be applied into practices. I also felt that quantitative skills taught in public policy schools are useful both for careers and further studies.
b. I learned magic commands.
<<<<<<< HEAD
Digvijay Ghotane
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I want to help people. I think areas of health, economy and strategic policy interest me.
b. In class this week, I learned about Jupyter Notebook, more specifically their support for HTML text and markdown which was not available in VSCode out of the box.
=======
Bingrui Li
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I am interested in policy making process and I believe data science can be a good tool to make policy decisions more logical.
b. I learned endogenous.
Adam Hearn
a. With an economics background, I was always fascinated with the "data" component of research: where the data came from, how it was collected/merged, etc. I am a big proponent of data transparency as well. I want to be able to apply the skills I learn in this DSPP program to more accurately create models to influence policymaking, especially in the higher-education policy sector.
b. I had always heard of Git-hub from some CS friends, but never understood what it was or how it works. Now I know!

Valarie Bryant
a. I chose to come to McCourt specifically for the data science program. I am particularly interested in working with conflict event data.
b. This week, basically everything was new! I had also heard of github but had never used it before.

Allen Church
a. I decided to attend the McCourt School for the DSPP program as it fit with my academic interest in policy and professional interest in data science. I am interested in learning how to leverage open data initiatives at the local level to improve service delivery to under-represented constituents.
b. I learned magic! I did not know Jupyter Notebook had so many helpful shortcuts.

yuanfeng hu
a, I decided to pursue a master degree in data science because I am very interested in the data science industry. I also would like to learn something that is not purely technical so the public policy aspect of this program also fits my interest.
b, I have never heard of the magic commend such as !, % ,%% in Jupiter Notebook. This is super helpful and would certainly increase my productivity
c, Allen Church: A ha, we kind of have similar interest in the data science program and I hope we could work together throughout the duration of the program. I was previously pretty used to the jupyter notebook, but I was as surprised as you about learning the new magic command.

Eric LaRose
a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I am passionate about using evidence-based policy to make tangible improvements in individuals' lives. Because I come from a pretty strong background in math and economic research, I thought a joint data science-policy program such as the DSPP was a better match for my interests than a traditional MPP. I chose McCourt specifically because of its interdisciplinary approach (compared to, say, UChicago's more econ-centric approach) and its location close to so many great policy organizations. My main public policy interests are urban policy, transportation policy, and spatial/geographic inequality.
b. I learned how to use Git/GitHub, and more on how to interact with the command line.
>>>>>>> fbc76d4c995bac3ef8d55410ab895cda22670f7c
